yesterday the servile people an account of a mother who brutally had a son
wholesale can render
- We are going to talk about the idea today the bag
c will see the report of a young man who was right because he deserves
committed by the group to which it was part
why not a teenager or even the youngster getting involved with the
crime
to participate in gangs
many of them ended up
in this place
the large field criminal institute
with the authorization of justice
see that in the general balance you will meet one of these young people
cleberson rodrigues de souza
28 years
he is stuck here
four years ago and has a pity
established
fourteen years old
everything started
by the involvement
with great in the neighborhood
so antónio barbosa
large field outskirts
mantra that now
Fred is alone at first please
had not taken into account
the large field
everyone is waiting in the driving room
cleberson rodrigues de souza
you know, quiet
Today he is 28 years old.
and father of three daughters
in fact 3 appears to be a number that accompanies it
world of crime
Kleberson has escaped death three times
the first time no
a younger boy older than me
You understood that you approached me.
ef
past the day of living or sell a bike for him
without understanding the moment ahead and did not want to pay this bike
That's when I get shot.
He shot me in the face.
that the traffic that I am a monster
only this time the world dies
the second time was another group too
where we tried to hold it in the region
here more people come and kill me said
high and tummy storms
is the third
third time was when she exposed me pregnant she was already of age mothers
by the past I used to live in the area
just understood
the boy who
From my past I was angry with myself.
ended up getting me a boite where ine gave three children
I fell off the bike
followed by the first cycle
for having escaped from death and kleberson considers himself a lucky person
but he recognizes
He's just in prison.
because of the involvement he had with bad companies still in their teens
I came to stop here in the penal institute other companies again
understood my mother
always took me with a good way
I always try to get the young people right
by stressful newspaper invitation
invited me
beach and work with the supposed farm in the region of imara cashew
where to find police that is the odor
without understanding why
once more the siege
only I was arrested
in this area
but it was the fact that you stopped at the jerome booth barrier that's always looking for
price
No, sir, the bike was stolen.
the bike that the Pope was broken
It pays to be expensive on this bike
this bike was stolen and he knows and he ran away
and I ended up staying
but stopped there
the civil kleberson
the grand prix
that even though I do not want to
was forced to participate in one of them
a door to the world of crime
converse with Andrew participated for the first time in a robbery owns
involvement with gangs made kléberson and éverton
who used drugs that were armed
it was this and that kind of company he had
understand how you get rid of them
I already lived there yesterday.
If I understood if I tried, he said that closing another power could not
leave home
You're basically forced to live with yourself.
yes yes an official match one hour there neighborhood girls
You have to use
to live with it otherwise you are under pressure from them
it was a body
the boeing has a strength
young people
if you often do not mix with it you
situated in none of them
and then became an enemy
to you and will suffer the consequences
what consequences
the sequencing of death including dying
the register is already about to receive the benefit of fulfilling the penalty that was
you really have to impose
but the young age celebrated the decision of justice he is accused of having
participated in a murder
a crime which, according to Kleberson, because he thinks he did not commit this homicide
happened in the year of 2001
changed tone and barboza
audio the author of this murder and is stuck here he has no age he
confess
that it was he who killed the hull with the boy
biscay the consumption
ps who was he who killed
When was the free time spoken to the judge?
that he was the one who killed or was he who committed this crime
I had not
involvement and participation in a homicide homicide
and even so by my past jumping of an hour at the point 1 bar enjoyment
and by which these quilting passes
last year where he was only on the fourth
one month ago to 4
cleverson counts the days to receive freedom
It's true, chile of many dreams.
the plans I make in the completely different future a couple
together with today
surprised I have a profession that came running behind the sector
I'm studying for this.
my future will be completely kelly my past
the toucan according to him in turn that are tivit
the message to them rich they have a team that study others study learn
a profession
who understood
because
This means that these fights have nothing to do with Aziz.
I do not know when five years
in this promising market concluded
between countries
for parents to be more attentive to
throughout the day young people are attending